add discord verification, how to delete and how to edit a domain (#18)
is-a-dev/docs: src/docs/edit_domain/index.md

# How to delete your is-a.dev domain

## Open your fork of the [is-a-dev/register](https://github.com/is-a-dev/register) repository

1. Open your fork, or if you deleted it, [fork](https://github.com/is-a-dev/register/fork) again the repository
2. Find you domain file in the `domains` folder (`/domains/<subdomain>.json`)
3. Press the "Edit this file" button (a pencil icon)

<img src="../img/edit_domain_step_1.png" height="250">

4. Apply your changes in the text field and then press the "Commit changes" button

<img src="../img/edit_domain_step_2.png" height="250">

5. In the popup that appears, press the button "Commit changes"

<img src="../img/edit_domain_step_3.png" height="250">

6. Press on the "register" text to go back to the home of the repository

<img src="../img/edit_domain_step_4.png" height="250">

7. Press the "Contribute" button and then press on the "Open pull request" button

<img src="../img/edit_domain_step_5.png" height="250">

8. Press the "Create pull request" button

<img src="../img/edit_domain_step_6.png" height="250">

> 9. Add a title to your pull request and then press the "Create pull request button"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Complete the pull request template in the description field, add a title to the pull request, then press `Create pull request`.
```
